
**Read replicas** - **asynchronous**
- Read replicas are **read-only** copies of your RDS database, they can be within 1 AZ, cross AZs, or even cross region.
- They have **eventual consistency** with the main database - asynchronously updated
- All data transfer **within a region is free**, transfer between regions has a cost (usually transfer between AZs is not free).
- You may have up to **15** read replicas per database,  **X-Forwarded-Port** and **X-Forwarded-Proto**.
- Connected apps must **update their connection string** to make use of read replicas.
- A read replica can also be promoted to a new entirely separate DB which will no longer be read-only.
- One ideal use case of read replicas is to make a DB copy for some reporting system that only reads data, so it doesnt add load to the prod DB.

**Multi AZ (disaster recovery)** - **synchronous**
This is different to read replicas, it's creating a **synchronously updated** (strongly consistent) **clone** of your database, in another AZ, incase your primary AZ has an outage.
- It presents a single DNS name for your DB, so there is automatic failover to the backup in an outage, requiring **no manual intervention**.
- This increases **availability**, not scaling


**How to take a DB from single AZ to multi**
You just right click and "modify" the database.
This is a zero downtime operation.

What happens is:
- A snapshot is taken of the current DB
- The snapshot is used to build a backup in another AZ
- The backup once online gets up to speed with the main DB and becomes strongly consistent.