- Docker is software which lets you package your applications into "images" and then run those images *anywhere that has docker installed* as "containers." Think of an image as a blueprint for spawning one or many containers, a lot like how a class is a blueprint for an object in OOP.
- Any image can be run by any computer that has the docker software installed - it contains **everything** the application needs to run (from your application's code, its dependencies, even down to operating system components). 
Images, simply, **just work...**


**What kind of problems does docker solve?**
- Imagine you want a postgres database to run locally with your app, you can either:
	- Install postgres on your computer, your colleagues, and on any servers you have, ensuring you're all on the same version at all times.
	- Or you could pull down the postgres docker image (provided by postgres themselves), and run it with a single command. If you ever wanted to change version, you just change a few characters in your dockerfile, and watch all your servers rebuild with your update.
- Have you ever found that your application runs fine on your computer, but the exact same code on your colleagues' just won't? This is a very common state of affairs. The reasons for this are numerous, you may find you are running Go 1.21.2 while your colleague has Go 1.21.4. You may find they have a different version of Ubuntu to you, or one of their dependencies is out of date, the list goes on. **With a docker image, these differences are simply impossible**.

**What is docker *not*?**
- Docker containers are NOT virtual machines, although at face value they might seem the same or similar. 
- Docker containers are **much more lightweight** (meaning they are much smaller in terms of computer memory taken up, and therefore much faster to download and spin up). The reason for this is that a container does not include its own operating system, it shares access to the host OS (meaning the OS running on the physical computer it's running on).
- This does create a limitation that the host computer does need to run (or at least emulate) the operating system that a given image requires.
- Docker is **not a deployment platform** — it doesn’t automatically put your app on the internet; it’s just a way to package and run it.