The way image naming has been designed in docker is pretty confusing and stupid if you ask me, luckily I'm here to guide you through it...


- If you run `docker images` you'll see a table with the first 2 columns of REPOSITORY and TAG.
- However when you pass a -t (tag) arg to `docker build -t myname .` (try it)  the "myname" part will actually go into the RESPOSITORY column for your new image, NOT the tag one. While the TAG part will just say "latest"
- If you try doing `docker build -t myname:somethingelse .` you'll see that now there's an image with your "somethingelse" in the tag column, and still "myname" in the REPOSITORY column.
- This is because despite the `docker images` table indicating otherwise and even using the word tag for both it's build arg which lets you name the image, but only the 2nd half of the image name, the full image name (which even more ridiculously is often referred to as it's "tag") is actually it's REPOSITORY:TAG.
	- You have no idea how long it took me to realise this when starting out.
- If you only provide the REPOSITORY part, it'll just default the TAG part to "latest". If you provide both, separated by a colon, it'll name it with both.
- When you pull an image, eg with `docker pull postgres` if you leave out the ":secondpart" part, it'll again just assume you meant "latest" - it'll even say "Using default tag: latest" (try it)
- Remember when you built the image earlier, you wrote FROM golang:alpine. Now you know golang is the repository, alpine is the tag.

- So in summary
	- The word tag refers to the 2nd part (after the colon) of an image's full name.
	- But it often also just means the entire image name.
	- The actual image name as a whole is repository:tag
	- The --tag (-t) argument in `docker build` lets you provide a full name for an image, but expects you to provide both "repository" and *optionally* "tag" (despite being called the tag argument)

Great thinking docker people!